how about god of jaime now we are
from chicago the mccormick place the day
1 from chicago auto south and we have a
toyota let's see what is going to
present
toyota has just presented to the tundra
2014 completely redesigned we see the
front as they have changed
completely a front have gone up a
little and the design is completely more
aggressive 5 versions of this grill
can differentiate us from all
versions of the tomb from the back have been
done an extraordinary job the
Subsequent bumpers have divided it into
three parts 1 2 and 3 the reason for that is
that knows economy for the owner
When you have an accident, you do not have
to replace all the pieces
simply one for the other of the
major changes in what this has changed
this is the connector to perform the
driver instead of putting it down as
it was before where it turned around made a
achieved what they have moved here to
avoid accidents and to make it more
easy to operate have added for this
year the rear view camera for all your
versions we also find this a
spoiler integrated to the floodgate
back for better aerodynamics of the
vehicle this is the thousand 794 decision
this ranchera edition are trying
to give
a more American personality is
trying to conquer the heart of the
Americans but now let's see the
common version is in model b 8
we see again a different grill
which we had seen before we see
they have also included a lot of chrome are
trying to get more attention by
outside we also see that the headlights
strikers have been better elaborated a
little more complex also giving it a
more muscular environment the interior
it was also completely redesigned and
the funny thing is that the engineer that
participated in this is a rancher
then the personality of the adjustment that
they have done is to make a car more
functional a work vehicle how
it has to be a pickup and one of the
major changes is that they moved almost
three inches the center console more
close to the pilot to give him a
much more practical functionality for the
pilot for the tunda 2014 has kept
the same engines the 5.7 engine follows
being the most powerful and can load
up to 2000 pounds here in the camera and
can drag up to 10,000 pounds with
this engine also found a package
of the 4x4 tr other to improve for
maximize your ability off the route
already had the tundra of 2014 we have
seen that it has improved a lot in this
segment that is super competitive rne
had got the title of the
truck of the year last year now
this one has many possibilities to be able
take that title